'\" t
.TH QWSMouseHandler 3qt "13 June 2001" "Trolltech AS" \" -*- nroff -*-
.\" Copyright 1992-2001 Trolltech AS.  All rights reserved.  See the
.\" license file included in the distribution for a complete license
.\" statement.
.\"
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
QWSMouseHandler \- Mouse driver/handler for Qt/Embedded
.br
.PP
\fC#include <qwsmouse_qws.h>\fR
.PP
Inherits QObject.
.PP
Inherited by QCalibratedMouseHandler.
.PP
.SS "Public Members"
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.BI "\fBQWSMouseHandler\fR () "
.br
.ti -1c
.BI "virtual \fB~QWSMouseHandler\fR () "
.br
.ti -1c
.BI "virtual void \fBclearCalibration\fR () "
.br
.ti -1c
.BI "virtual void \fBcalibrate\fR ( QWSPointerCalibrationData * ) "
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Signals"
.in +1c
.ti -1c
.BI "void \fBmouseChanged\fR ( const QPoint & " "pos" ", int bstate ) "
.br
.in -1c
.SH DESCRIPTION
Mouse driver/handler for Qt/Embedded
.PP
The mouse driver/handler handles events from system devices and generates mouse events.
.PP
A QWSMouseHandler will usually open some system device in its constructor, create a QSocketNotifier on that opened device and when it receives data, it will call mouseChanged() to send the event to Qt/Embedded for relaying to clients.
.SH MEMBER FUNCTION DOCUMENTATION
.SH "QWSMouseHandler::QWSMouseHandler ()"
Constructs a mouse handler. This becomes the primary mouse handler.
.PP
Note that once created, mouse handlers are controlled by the system and should not be deleted.
.SH "QWSMouseHandler::~QWSMouseHandler () \fC[virtual]\fR"
Destructs the mouse handler. You should not invoked this directly.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR http://doc.trolltech.com/qwsmousehandler.html
.BR http://www.trolltech.com/faq/tech.html
.SH COPYRIGHT
Copyright 1992-2001 Trolltech AS, http://www.trolltech.com.  See the
license file included in the distribution for a complete license
statement.
.SH AUTHOR
Generated automatically from the source code.
.SH BUGS
If you find a bug in Qt, please report it as described in
.BR http://doc.trolltech.com/bughowto.html .
Good bug reports make our job much simpler. Thank you.
.P
In case of content or formattting problems with this manual page, please
report them to
.BR qt-bugs@trolltech.com .
Please include the name of the manual page (qwsmousehandler.3qt) and the Qt
version (2.3.1).
